[UIK-4139][base-trigger] aria label for clear button (#2432)
semrush/intergalactic: semcore/base-trigger/CHANGELOG.md

- The Close `Hint` not closed by pressing `ESC` in `FilterTrigger.ClearButton`.

### Added

> - `aria-label` property to `FilterTrigger.ClearButton` to change hint text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `aria-label` and `title` properties to `FilterTrigger.ClearButton` to change hint text.
```
